Career Opportunities at Dreamer's Church
REGISTER FOR IN-PERSON SERVICES
home
Visit
Events
Small Groups
Church Life 
Give
School
Worship
Blog
Dashboard
STAFF OPPORTUNITIES
"Helping people pursue God one step at a time"
Join Our Team
Hey, Dreamer’s Church family! We’re stepping into an exciting season, and it’s all about growing deeper and reaching Austin and beyond. Our eldership has been praying, and we feel it's time to enlarge our staff. We’re looking to bring on a part-time Kids Coordinator, a part-time Community Outreach Coordinator, and a full-time Staff Pastor in 2024. In each of these areas of ministry, we are adding additional staff while still growing our volunteer teams too. It’s about more than just filling positions; it’s about finding people who are passionate about serving and equipping others in their walk with Jesus.
It's important to note that we’re all about lay ministry (non-staff leadership) here – that’s part of the backbone of Dreamer’s Church. It's about recognizing that each of us, whether we’re on the staff roster or not, is called and anointed to serve in God’s kingdom. We’ve got incredible lay ministry coordinators leading the charge in our Youth, Kids, Sunday Services, Worship, Next Steps, and Dream Teams, showing us all how it's done.
The reason we’re looking to bring on these new roles? It’s simple. We want to better provide our Dream Team with the support they need to do the work of ministry more effectively - 
Eph 4:11,12
 "Now these are the gifts Christ gave to the church: the apostles, the prophets, the evangelists, and the pastors and teachers.  
Their responsibility is to equip God’s people to do his work and build up the church
, the body of Christ.
It’s all about empowering each other to serve in the way God has uniquely gifted us."
So, if you’re feeling a nudge from the Holy Spirit, if you believe God has equipped you for one of these roles, we encourage you to take some time, pray about it, and follow His leading. If you feel called to apply for one of these positions, we’d love to hear from you. Just send over your cover letter, resume, and personal references to Admin@Dreamers.Church.
Let’s keep dreaming big, serving with all our hearts, and seeing God move in amazing ways through Dreamer’s Church. God’s got incredible things in store, and we know He’s just getting started with us!
OPEN JOB OPPORTUNITIES
STAFF PASTOR
 – JOB OPPORTUNITY
Provides pastoral and administrative support to and oversight of Dreamer’s Church. Works with Lead Pastors to provide directional, spiritual, and moral oversight to all individuals in fulfilling the overall vision of Dreamer’s Church.  This is a full-time position.
JOB DESCRIPTION
APPLY
COMMUNITY LIFE COORDINATOR
 – JOB OPPORTUNITY
Provides pastoral care and administrative support to Dreamer’s Church. Works with Lead Pastors and Staff Pastors assisting/leading monthly church community life events and other events to consistently engage our church community.  This is currently a part-time position.
JOB DESCRIPTION
APPLY
DREAMKIDS COORDINATOR
 – JOB OPPORTUNITY
Provides leadership and administrative assistance to the DreamKids ministry to ensure effectiveness and efficiency of overall operations. Provides the first point of contact for all operations of DreamKids. This is currently a part-time position.
JOB DESCRIPTION
APPLY
JOIN US IN OUR MISSION
"Helping people pursue God one step at a time"
Want to learn more?
We'd love to hear from you. Fill out the form below and we will get back to you shortly.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Message
Contact Us
LINKS
BLOG
YOUTUBE LIVE
CORE BELIEFS
CAREERS
Privacy Policy
Church Near Me
LOGIN
SERVICE TIMES
Sundays
 @ 9:30 & 11:15 AM
All Church Prayer @ 8:45 AM
Wednesday Nights
- Youth Ministry @ 6:30-8:30 PM
LOCATION
10700 Anderson Mill Rd
Austin, TX 78750
(512) 537-5871
admin@dreamers.church
FOLLOW US
powered by  
SnapPages
