Discover Community Events: Dreamer's Church in Austin, TX
REGISTER FOR IN-PERSON SERVICES
home
Visit
Events
Small Groups
Church Life 
Give
School
Worship
Blog
Dashboard
UPCOMING EVENTS
SERVE DAY  2024
Mark your calendars for Saturday, July 13 from 9am-2pm to help us do projects around the church building.  We will do some cleanup, painting, organizing, handyman projects and more.  
If you have a specific skill set, please let us know in advance so we can prepare for the day.  It will be a fun day to build relationships while we beautify the house. 
Learn More
Dream Team Party In The Park
Mark your calendar for our June Dream Team Gathering: Sunday, June 9th, party in the park! This is for all volunteers  (Worship, Kids, Youth, Production, Greeting, Auditorium, Hospitality, Parking, and Small Group Leaders).
We will meet at Springwoods park at 1pm to enjoy lunch together and a fun time hanging out. We will provide drinks and snacks, but plan to bring your own lunch. Feel free to pack a picnic lunch for your family or grab takeout/something at the drive thru. Party time!
DIRECTIONS
Ask Questions
Youth Camp 2024
Dreamer's Youth camp dates for 2024 will be July 29th - August 2nd.
 Youth Camp will be for all students going into 6th grade all the way through 12th grade. We have rented out a summer camp location for the week and we have some amazing guest youth pastors coming to speak to our kids. This will be a powerful encounter with God for all of them.  Let's do all we can to get our youth to this fun and faith-filled week and believe for a life-changing encounters with God.
Learn More
CURRENT SERMON SERIES
Join us this Sunday at 9:30 or 11:15 AM - We're starting a new sermon series 
"Words Shape Our World," 
we're diving into the incredible power of our words. 
It's all about recognizing that what we say really matters, just like we see all throughout the Bible. From the get-go in Genesis 1, God speaks the universe to life—showing us just how powerful His words are. Proverbs 18:21 hits home by telling us, "the tongue has the power of life and death." showing us how powerful our words are. Jesus reinforces this in Mark 11:23 teaching us that if we speak in faith, we can move mountains.
Ask Questions
Water Baptism Sunday
SIGN UP FOR WATER BAPTISM SUNDAY on Father's Day June
 16th
! 
Water baptism symbolizes your public declaration of faith. It's a transformative step in your spiritual journey, marking a new chapter in your life journey, surrounded by a community that supports and uplifts you. Embrace this step towards personal renewal and deeper connection with others and sign up below.
Then, plan to gather with us on Sunday June 16th for Worship, a life-giving message and WATER BAPTISMS! 
SIGN UP
Pop Up Party 
Hey Dreamer's Church fam, everyone's invited! Mark your calendars 'cause we’re throwing a pop-up party on Saturday, June 29th, from 11 AM to 2 PM. It’s gonna be an epic day filled with games, laughs, and tons of fun—perfect for everyone!
More details coming... 
Plan to bring along your friends and family for a fantastic community hangout. Can’t wait to see you all there! Let’s have some fun!
Ask Questions
21 DAY Prayer Challenge
If you sense God has more for your life, take our 21 Day Prayer Challenge. This is a great place to start believing Him for all that He has for you. As you are intentional about seeking Him first, He will move on your behalf like never before. You will start to see the power of prayer impact your relationships, work, family, church, and every area of your life.
The 21-Day Prayer Challenge is designed to help you grow and develop your spiritual life. We have a verse, prayer declaration, and encouragement for each day. You can sign up with the button below and we will send you the daily video, verse, and declaration via text and/or email.
SIGN UP FOR 21 DAY PRAYER CHALLENGE
Kingdom Business Small Group
The Dreamer’s Kingdom Business Small Group meets once a month on Saturday from 9:30 – 11:00 AM. This group is focused on encouraging and empowering our entrepreneurs, managers, business owners, and those wanting to grow in business.
To learn more, click request more info below, and our Business Small Group leaders will reach out to you with the details.
REQUEST MORE INFO
Event Question Form
Let us know if you have any questions about one of our upcoming events.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Any questions you'd like to ask?
Send
LINKS
BLOG
YOUTUBE LIVE
CORE BELIEFS
CAREERS
Privacy Policy
Church Near Me
LOGIN
SERVICE TIMES
Sundays
 @ 9:30 & 11:15 AM
All Church Prayer @ 8:45 AM
Wednesday Nights
- Youth Ministry @ 6:30-8:30 PM
LOCATION
10700 Anderson Mill Rd
Austin, TX 78750
(512) 537-5871
admin@dreamers.church
FOLLOW US
powered by  
SnapPages
